This program is to implement the sound imitation system using Java. There are mainly two ways of approach to test the program.

1. User/player:
To run the program, the entrance is MultiThread.java. The user can either run this this program in a Java IDE like Eclipse, or runing by cmd command or terminal. After the user interface appear, we can see three buttons laying on the top. First, we use the right most one to choose a category of sound we are going to work on, including acoustic instruments, commercial synthesizers, everyday and single synthesizer. After choosing a category, we can start to think of a sound and try to immitate it. Press the record button, the button will change it display to stop and the system is recording your voice as the input of the system. After finishing imitating the song, simply press the stop button and the system will return the sorted sound files list, which has the closest ones at the top. To listen to any of the sound in the list, just press on the name and the sound will play automatically. Also, user is able to listen to the recorded sound by clicking the "Play Back" button.

2. Tester:
To test the performance of the algorithm, tester can use the testing mode. For input, tester are going to use a bunch of imitation putting in a folder whose name is the correct related recording file. Detailed format of file can refer to the folder named "testingAudios". The entrence of the testing program is Control.java. To choose a category to test on, tester can modify line 151 according to the instruction. After running the program, it will return a bunch of integer. Each line is a testing folder. And the number in each line is the rank of the correct recording file among all the recording files. By inputing these numbers to data process software like excel, tester is able to calculate the performance index like average ranking, MMR and so on.
